- How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug
that was introduced?

Looking for differences was useful because it helps pinpoint the location of the
bug.

If you make a mistake but don't have the means to version-control it, you may
end up looking for differences manually (visually) and it'd be quite slow.

- How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

When bugs arise or new features don't work you could easily access old versions
to check out what to change or bring back without having to implement everything
from the ground up.

- What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
Docs does?

The pros of choosing when to save is that you are conscious about whatever 
changes you made in the code at the time of saving. The cons would be that you 
might not have finished modifying or woking with something before the commit
is automatically created, or you might have changed too much stuff already.

- Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple 
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Because Git is oriented to programming, and in programming sometimes a file may
affect the functionality of another file.

- How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Using the git log command you can see all of the commits made. Using git diff
and the commits ids you can see what actually changed and where it is.

- How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that 
could break something?

It gives you the ability to track down when it was that a bug was introduced
and also give you the opportunity to compare different versions. This way it is
much easier to fix bugs.

- Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git 
for?

I want to try it using my own files!
